I didn't ask you that, Mrs. Holmes.
I'm just asking you if we didn't have pretty good forces at work.
Mr. Welfke, I just can't take these.
That is a letter. Are you modest about your own position?
No, sir. I'm not only modest about my own position.
Well, two gentlemen and the senator is pretty good-stop, isn't it?
For me, sir, two gentlemen and the senator is pretty good-stop.
You say pretty good-stop, sir.
General Reaver, sir.
I think you're fine.
Well, sir, do you think you're that good?
I have no record.
I have hardly fucking fifteen years of record, sir.
And would you read the question, please, Mr. Reaver?
The question on the other hand.
And the other hand.
Question, two gentlemen and the senator is pretty good-stop.
That's it. He's a pretty good-stop, sir.
General Reaver has the job here with the staff.
I'll call for us in these applications.
I'm in question.
Right.
I'll go ahead and ask you.
I'll call for us in these applications.
But I asked you.
What General Reaver's job is, sir?
I think.
What do you think?
You ask you what General Reaver has the artisticity
and you face talking and Nancy is, yes, sirs.
So, I had a call.
General Reaver, sir, had the job ofuring the army
and congressmen, it was his job
to send a sir to process applications for commissions
and for other things he had a fair to a system
in doing that, that was his duty.
And he would stay in and they ask, go to the office.
The office is a very sensitive and kind-wishment
up on the hill for that purpose.
And I'm sure that thousands of times in the court
that he would talk with the senator with the congressmen
and get the application.
I believe he spoke with Senator McCarthy once and once alone.
And we heard that three or four times in this room
already Mr. Cohn.
I thought we had to.
Right.
So that you aren't adding anything to the record
when you tell us that.
Well.
Now may I ask you this, Mr. Cohn?
I understand you to say, Mr. Dvorakshad.
But if Shion has got a commission in the summer of 1953
and were on uniform and his one bar shall we say?
One bar?
I mean, shall we say one bar on uniform?
How are you ending for as a kind-wishment?
Well, we ending for...
Yeah. One bar, two bars?
The question is, why does fallification get high?
How are you ending for?
I don't think there's any discussion about that.
So you weren't ending for anything less than one silver bar
and a shoulder were you?
Well, I assume that a second of the time
would be the lowest commission drank that you could get now.
All right. Now if he's got it, you're in the form.
And he's silver bar on uniform.
Did you say one silver bar, sir?
No. I'd better say...
Gold bar.
That's right, sir.
I'm really talking about a second lose hand.
That was, I can't get you right. Is that right?
I can't say that, sir.
Was your aim a little higher?
No, sir. The aim was...
There's not any lower than second lose hand.
Well, that's what I mean, too.
That's that...
Second of the time, I believe, is the lowest commission drank in the army.
Yeah.
Was that the maximum aim you had for days
and sometimes in there was no discussion about any further.
It's a question of what is qualifications.
What an idea, sir.
If he got it, he'd do it in the form.
When I asked him what's time I was...
I thought so.
You get it.
The time it requires you round the million turns.
What do you think?
I won't tell the problems of the day.
During your testimony earlier, Mr. Cologne,
either on cross-addomination or direct examination,
you brought in the frequently the name of Aaron Coleman.
And it runs in my mind that the evidence in connection
with Aaron Coleman did back to 1946 to 1947
when the...
He started it out from documents from what my month was 46, like with 46.
A question I would like to ask is,
does Aaron Coleman have any bearing on the...
What's the...
What's my mind about situation as of now?
When did he...
He's still working here or when did he leave?
Or was it there at the time the investigation began?
It was...
What relevance is does the Coleman matter have?
Our Coleman was suspended after this committee began its investigation
since then to much.
And I believe this case is in process of...
The loyalty for our channel now.
Well, I understand that he had been suspended before the investigation began.
Are you sure this suspension just went...
After your investigation began?
My understanding, yes, sir.
My understanding is that this suspension of Coleman took place
sometime late in September.
I'm subject to correction on that.
I'm quite sure.
As I recall, when I thought Mr. Stevens about me...
I'd recommend you give us an exact date and you'll find out the exact date.
I think that would have to come from Mr. Stevens.
We would not have to date.
Say what have to date?
We don't know the exact date, sir.
It is right.
I was suspended.
Well, we were told that by Mr. Stevens, yes.
And you are sure that he was working here at the time the investigation began?
Yes, sir.
Coming out of another subject,
you mentioned that at many of the cross-conferences,
which took place following the second hearing,
Adam and Stevens were present.
And I think he said that they did not complain about the nature of the best conferences at that time.
Is that right?
Yes, sir.
What if hasn't had all of the best conferences?
I think there might have been some hearings with one or the other,
and they were not up in there.
But there were very few, I think Mr. Adams, all of them,
who said that they were there at half of the best conferences.
There were 25% of the best conferences.
I was 75% of the best conferences.
I was about 80 or 90% of them.
They were there at 80 or 90% of them.
That's my best estimate, not?
Yes.
Are you willing to tell us, Committee, under oath to the best conferences at none of those best conferences?
Because they make any complaints about the nature of what's the matter of the matter,
for your use, that's about the hearing?
Yes, sir. I certainly recall them.
No complaint of any kind.
I recall no complaint of any kind,
for Mr. Adams, for Mr. Stevens.
How about some difference to the best conferences?
They tell you the next day or the next time you mess them up,
or the next time you mess them up professionally?
No.
You shouldn't have said this. You shouldn't have said that.
This is Mr. Jefferson's death. This is going too far.
I recall those questions.
When did you first learn that they were unhappy about the nature of the publicity
flowing from the best conferences, following the executive meetings at these hearings, sir?
Do I never say this before?
No, sir.
Neither one of them would ever throw anything before.
They're right there.
There are no other than any challenge to the accuracy of anything which has been said by Senator McCarthy,
or on my staff, sir.
I did say that they were unhappy about the whole thing, and about the...
...back to the whole thing with being publicized.
But on this narrow issue, which they talked about,
and that your questioning me about,
whether they have a claim there was any inaccuracy or misleading impression,
I recall no complaint being made to.
You mentioned that Adams, referring to Shine,
you as the term Hotsie to you, more frequently than you use the term Shine.
Is that right?
Yes, sir.
You sure about that?
That one, and without obvious, my first estimate,
that one involved counting up to number of times he mentioned,
I have no way of feeling that that would be the best thing.
You are sure to use the term Hotsie to a good many times?
I answer.
Not just two of the times.
Yes, sir.
Now, let's get this, Mr. Cohn.
You and Adams were playing for social friends.
You went around the flight flights together to see it together,
the search club together, had a lot of meetings together.
But if you're honest, opinion is the wronging mess by the term Hotsie.
Do you think it in a suspicious manner,
or is there something kind of ominous about the way he used the word Hotsie?
Oh, I think so in a lot of occasions he used it in a suspicious manner.
I think another occasion might have been a little bit serious about it.
Another word, your relationships with him were such that
if he was going to use the word Hotsie,
it could well have been used in a friendly or a suspicious manner
without indicating really something ominous is going to happen to shine
if you didn't do that and didn't do that.
It could have been so different.
Was there a considerable amount of banker between you and Adams?
As contrasts and let us say, between Adams and McCarthy,
or you and even a few people instead worked at the same level,
were there things that he had in the levity
which in stark, Christmas might look pretty serious if he was just a friend?
There's no doubt about that turn. I can give you a sample.
The word Hotsie might have been a certain extent.
It's very hard for you to read this out.
It's mine, I'm not eternally.
It could have used that word suspiciously on a number of occasions, sir.
I don't call it that.
The word Hotsie is responsible for some of the things that you said to him.
Mr. Adams, reduce your print.
Looks a lot more ominous than they would appear with the inflection
and the environments that obtained at the time they were there.
Sure.
In other words, you think that both of you might have talked to each other
a little tougher than he actually mentioned.
He worked with him last time.
I wasn't just a question of his tougher.
It's just a question of taking any normal conversation between two people
and what they say and how they say it.
And then if you try to put it down and black and white and repeat it for six months afterwards,
you just don't get the picture at all.
There's a good money in it.
Going to the matter of these tickets,
did you purchase your provided Mr. Adams for a theater and for a flight flight?
I think the test and money was just four months after the ticket to the theater
reflected then two months after the tickets to the flight flight from Lincoln to William Brothers.
Yes sir.
I am not sure whether you just decided to whether he tried to pay you earlier
or whether you did not.
On the fantasy kit, sir, my recollection is he asked me about them earlier.
I told him when I got them that when I knew Ramas they were,
I would certainly tell him and I would certainly take the money.
I do not recall any conversation about the flight flight tickets until the time he had me for it.
Do you remember when he made you for the flight flight?
Yes sir, for the early 18th.
February the 18th?
Yes sir.
He claimed you did the theater ticket because that's the same time.
Give me the follow-up money the same time.
And I think he tested by the set time, the President is trying to say he has to do something
that I want to do that money because that is the way it is.
That's the problem.
Did he imply that something might be?
No, there's no detail.
You have testifies that at the Fort Maunmouth collection
where the irritations developed for you, that you were angry.
You have to try to believe that at that time,
and everything being made on the part of the army,
to induce send them a tripe to issue a press release which they have to protect.
There was more for that actually than the baby poster
and then there was some more going up on the plane.
The Fort Maunmouth was to have an issue that the Fort Maunmouth meeting was about right.
It was not beginning.
There was not.
There seems equipment to this inquiry to determine how much flight you played in the non-issuements
that were especially.
Yes sir.
What did you do without this way?
I carried messages back and forth between them.
Mr. Adams and Senator McCarty on the 19th, on the 20th, I was completely out of the picture
because they were talking to each other.
Are you believe that I ask you this question under oath?
Do you believe that you not put an included in the Fort Maunmouth keep it all?
As you say, no.
What's going on here on the hurry that you go by case?
Do you think Senator McCarty was done in the issue that's special?
Well, I think he would have asked you to get.
I do not, sir.
You do not.
No, sir.
You don't think that you contribute as in any way into the back that the press release does not issue the not, sir?
I'm sure I did.
If you try this way, does Senator not take issue?
I did not, sir.
I'll just assume what Senator Pratt has said about it.
By what have happened in regard to one phase of this case,
it's the second to third time that you had talked to Mr. Season,
though especially Mr. Adams about shine and his defense and his location and his commission,
you have been given the reply, which I think you should have been given,
as they told the situation proper, and they had said to look young man,
stick to the work of Kishat, we're going to run out.
In that effect, I believe I testified under oath that when Mr. Adams came to me
and placed in juxtaposition to problems that you're confronting him,
I said as far as the shine mattered, Johnny, that's a sense of the story.
Because if there's anything to that, you should have told the phone and should tell him now.
Tell him you own film.
Take care of your own shop.
We're going to run the army.
We don't want you telling us anything at all about shine.
So, they have done that.
How will you run that?
I'll have it in the match, so I'm sure if there were anything improper.
In any discussion we have a had with them about shine.
Whether it's proper enough, if Thursday has kept you out of the trigger in the army,
you ran your committee, but I'll defend you out of here.
You want a question, that wasn't that.
My time has expired.
For the next senator starts his questioning, let's return to our studio
to cut the cover to commit our stations to identify himself.
It's all us, this is ABC television report.
There's three fans who've got two top programs for it, and I have 730.
The objective on state of charge is on the line of 10.
This is the documented charge is made by you, Senator McCarty,
and Mr. Carr, I guess Mr. Stevens, Mr. Adams, and Mr. Hensley,
is not that the answer we filed for yesterday.
Well, you thought of an answer.
Yes.
As a lawyer, I'm going to ask if there doesn't contain charges.
What do you say about it?
What we say about that, sir, we did not initiate the thing.
What we did is...
I didn't ask you for anything, Mr. Cohnam-Charts.
If this document I'm asking you is a lawyer,
if it doesn't contain charges, sir, as we say right here,
this document contains, quote, what we consider to be,
certain data thrown by us with a re-align.
Well, I am a part of the data. Don't you make charges?
They could send us an oral.
They are charges.
That's a certainly beacon.
All right.
They can't solve, they consider that, and you consider them when you make them, didn't you?
No, sir. What we consider them when we make them was,
a setting that records straight and giving them back about what had actually happened.
Let us go down and start and see if there's some charges in it.
What is he using that thing?
Yes, sir.
Here, paragraph number one, let's take them as a condor.
In your paragraph, if you're number one, just,
you state the most recent documents for Mr. Stevens
and Mr. Adams contains what an eye on allegations against the subcommittee and against needs.
Insofar as these allegations suggest the use of them for me,
they are without basis in fact.
Just now, that is referring to the documents that,
that are phonological documents of that,
are the Army at previously released to the press or released to the committee and it's got to the press.
That's the document you referred to as in.
Yeah, that was the second Army document.
Oh, you're referring to the one in file as a committee?
Yes, the specification file.
All right, the specification, I think that was 29.
All right.
Now, the new space that is insofar as it charges,
the use of them for me,
that is without basis in fact.
Now, you try that through, that it was up in,
was in and is now without basis in fact.
Yes, sir.
All right.
I turn to your paragraph number three.
And that goes from it.
In their attempt, that is very referred to Stevens and Adams.
In their attempt to stop our exposure of the misunderstanding of communist infiltration into the Army,
is that not a charge they were and we just say, so sir.
Yes, it is a charge, isn't it?
It's a different.
That's another one.
I think it's a different one.
Were you a lawyer?
Yes, another one.
Well, if I did that, that's a different one.
All right.
Are you going to not be pleased to know whether that cost his to charge?
Make somebody wait.
What we try to consider this, but we know that this is all things.
I'm not asking you what the consistent is.
What is it?
It is a legal document.
It is not a charge.
It is a statement by us, sir, so this committee, I read a detail.
If you want me to record that way, that's all right and leave.
But you and I both know it's a charge of Miss Konda.
I want to ask you whether you consider what that statement says,
as being in Papa Konda.
All in the part of Miss DeSeed is in the matter.
I would say it could be considered that, yes sir.
You would say it could be considered that.
You've been able to answer questions here and go into the future and say,
what would have happened on something contingency?
I don't know.
You know that is a charge of the in Papa Konda,
so in the part of Miss DeSeed, I would say certainly that this committee
could control about the investigation.
Can you tell us any other construction that you possibly just be placed on?
Well, that's for the committee.
You don't want to say.
No, sir.
You took right nothing.
I will tell you what happened and what they said and what I had it.
It has happened.
Here it is, sir.
Mr. Chairman.
I'm asking you if you consider this charge.
Mr. Chairman, say me, I ask that.
I don't even want to let you see what the Sunnish is answering.
Well, I would have left it to the witness where the whole world has seen it.
And I have an outfit that asks him this question.
And I interrupt you.
No, sir.
What I want to thank you.
Honored Assistant Chief.
Sir, I'm on this question of charge.
Maybe I will use any word you want me to about it.
I don't want to use any except what you want to swear to.
Right.
What I want to say, sir, is that such as a chose and accurate recital by our events which
had occurred in the course of our relationship with Mr. Steven and Mr. Adam.
All right.
Let's go down there further now.
In the same paragraph number three as the conclusion of it, still referring to Mr. Adam and Mr.
Steven.
I read, they should further be instructed to tell the sub-soaked committee what's
and for who is pulling the string for what to protect those who in turn have protected
tips from them in the commoners.
Do you regard that as a charge?
That's been in the conscious language, sir.
I think it's good language.
And maybe you might, but I don't know.
I'm trying to find out the truth.
Yes, sir.
Do you regard that as a charge against them that they are troubling commoners?
I consider that to be a request and a statement of fact.
Well, a statement of fact is a charge that they have effect commoners, is it not?
Certainly, can you do that?
Could we conclude that?
Yes.
You may have heard the concrete conclusion that, didn't you?
When you're about to start in the colonite, maybe if I think something here, I can say
a lot of times in the future on this one word, charge.
This whole thing, well, I'll see you reading on this side of my phone.
So, I'm on free to just start.
All right, sir.
If you want to open all that up, we want to treat it with the charge.
Are you free to do something else?
Yes, sir.
I have to explain.
I wanted to make a visit.
This whole thing, of course, is held up the work of this committee for a period of months.
You are in service.
This is the next charge you're sending specialifications by this committee.
That's what I had submitted and I've treated as a charge.
Specification.
And it's not the statement was made against you.
Would you consider the charge?
Certainly, my turn.
These are the...
Thank you, sir.
These are specifications.
I understand.
Right.
But I expect the petition as base for the charge is enough.
As long as you don't know that they're outflowers.
In order...
I don't want to appear to be...
You don't want to appear?
I don't want to appear to be crawling about a technicality here.
I wonder why you want to...
I want to go.
I'll tell you why, sir.
I want to make it very clear to everybody.
The things here, you were not brought about by us.
Well, I didn't ask you that.
Everybody knows how to hear you and you're brought about already.
Well, but we are only these charges.
Now, he's approving on my guest's building.
That's what I'm trying to do.
Just to all of us, every question you ask me is spent by every statement in here, which I make.
That's what I want, because I don't want to do this.
As what I'm trying to get you to do, my driver's...
I can't see it as a charge, and if you want to tell this to me...
Now, that you do not see it as a charge, you have the right to do so.
I, which I say then, that I can show it as specification,
setting forth the details of our relationship of Mr. Steele and Mr. Adams,
which were filed by us, with the committee at the direction of the committee.
All right, so you think that this detail statement has the effect of charge even as the students
in the shadow of the top-knit and comment.
Now, you think that's the least commonest?
Now, I'm trying to find out if we get somebody up there at the top-knit.
Yes, I think that's the same as that of me, nothing to me in this statement.
Well, I think you made it to our gear that's due and we can suspect the way that it's been quicker.
We can do it. Because sooner we can get to it each year.
I think the point is that you say, following comments,
I think in our last paragraph, we make pretty clear just what we think they fit.
Or is it not a... I'm sure that Mr. Steele and Mr. Adams...
That's all just a little further.
In this same paragraph, turn over there, let's read it.
I read another sentence from the same paragraph.
The report. The report is in quotation here.
Indicating the report that I assume you mean the report that I think is a chronological event.
Or just talk that three. Yes, sir. There's a number here.
No, it's number four. I'm four. The next paragraph.
Yes. I read the statement. The report has had some...
I call your attention to the next word.
The plan of that.
Of derailing the inquiry into security matters,
pertaining the commoners infiltration in their army,
and the second phase, these and the ministrations are all...
Yes, sir. Then it was a plan,
premeditated, acts of that as a decision, the list of reports,
that yes, this committed a stop investigating the army.
Is that correct?
I believe sir, that that is certainly one of the important reasons why this is all done.
And that is the statement maybe, or any now,
specified on the old baddies too. Yes, sir.
All right, let's go to the next one.
paragraph five, as you have it, number.
I call your attention to the first sentence from that paragraph.
As further evidence of the bitch honesty,
of the attack that's on my spare,
patient due, Mr. Stevens and the drabors,
I call your attention and support.
What's the issue on them?
Your general's mammograph copy, and it's time on the third stage to get,
I don't know whether you as far as far as I'm concerned,
spend your time as expected.
We get back to it today.
Okay, for later.
Mr. Cohen, what was your general revered rank when the merc's representations may have been made,
with respect to Dave Sean?
Here we go. I can't honestly say so. I think he's the major general.
Well, he is the major general now.
Yes, sir.
And I wondered whether at that time he was a brigadier general.
I just found out that.
Now it's chairman, and I direct his particular, Mr. Wells,
who needs no aid, of course, of my people's talents,
but I wanted to be sure, at least as far as the union's never been Illinois,
it's concerned that no misimpression may have created as much harm.
Applications or a manifestation of an interest in a commission in the Army
is handled in the my office.
Because when I get a letter from somebody else,
it is protest.
Whether he comes to see me or not, that's making it difficult.
Every interest that is manifested is given the same kind of attention.
So that if this young civilist on the far right elsewhere,
everything she's got to meditate for qualification for a commission,
it is put in the middle.
So he might say that in survival, my people,
I think might be considered as high power that he has a center in his company.
And then I proceed to process this in the same manner.
If it's an Air Force commission, I talk to General Kelly.
If it was an Army commission, I talk to General Lee Reapers.
I think on occasions I have felt a criminal health.
I have talked to others.
So it always I tried when this whoever will be a non-offer,
so I thought I'm the guilty.
Be he a criminal or a brigadier, General or an army commission.
And I certainly want the people in my own face and all.
But every one of those applications is received good attention
and we just have very fastly knew how far.
So at least they can say they had a senator, a general of their clients.
Even though we've been just keen to form a letter,
they can't say they'd like to have a commission.
Any army? Maybe.
Manager.
Mr. Cohn, there's been some reference during the course of their hearings
to the lack of staff and not adequate staff personnel.
Let me ask you this question.
I have just recently learned that there are some extra staff personnel working on these.
There are some staff personnel working on the other staff personnel
working on the other staff personnel investigations that are not paid by the committee.
Is that correct?
There's no other way.
In other words, there's anyone.
All the people that are working on the other staff personnel investigations
are employees of the Senate.
So I mean Mr. Cohn was not an employee of the Senate.
He was the non-paid consultant.
I get the information.
As far as I know, sir, everybody's an employee there.
And that is a lot of people we have picking up information for us and things like that
or not an employee to print things.
Yes, and I get this mainly on some of the nights in the run.
But I think that I have a lot of two people on my office payroll
who are working full time with the committee.
That's because of the women's budget, which we have.
I'm not sure if we didn't have the minister Duffy who had paid
for my office working full time with the committee.
I think there's also one secretary.
I'm not sure.
Let me explain it if I may.
The reason is that we've got a very limited budget.
And I had a surplus on my office payroll.
I put someone on my payroll,
and I don't have them work on the investigating committee.
I'll be glad to give you all the details.
Yes, well, I'm always referring to the subcommittee.
I'm not referring to the office, so that I understand them that all people working on the subcommittee
on investigations, staff people,
or either employee of the subcommittee
or from send them a card of these office.
Certainly, by the way, I know employees who are volunteering
or are people as volunteers or paid out of five of them.
Not that I know.
Just wanted to get the record straight on.
Yes.